Max brings his camera everywhere.
He brought it to the beach last summer
and has brought it on every trip since.
He builds confidence in his photography
skills daily.
He built a small studio at home last year
and has built quite a portfolio.
Max buys photography books often.
He bought a new lens last month and has
bought several accessories this year.
He chooses his subjects carefully.
He chose to focus on nature photography
last spring and has chosen to explore
urban landscapes recently.
Max drinks coffee while editing photos.
He drank three cups during an all -night
editing session and has drunk more green
tea lately for health reasons.
He drives to scenic locations for shoots.
He drove to the mountains last weekend
and has driven thousands of miles for his art.
Max eats healthy to stay energized.
He ate a big breakfast before a dawn
shoot yesterday and has eaten more
vegetables since starting his fitness routine.
Sometimes, Max falls asleep editing late
at night.
He fell asleep at his desk last week and
has fallen into the habit of setting alarms.
He never forgets his camera.
He forgot extra batteries once last year
but has forgotten nothing since that lesson.
Max's skills grow constantly.
His talent grew noticeably last year and
he has grown into a respected
photographer in his community.